Pacers have reached the back stretch way
far outside it's a good start for gold
and receiver hustles right to the front
end here coiled again follows that far
outside bolt the door also moving up the
challenge with betters edge settled on
the inside forth as bolt the door now
takes over there from golden receiver
back fifth on the inside war we need you
then to back to a rock and roll dance
modern legends 7th at the end sweet Lou
and Michaels power the lead belongs to
bolt the door the quarter is 26 even
predictably quick bolt the door and Mark
McDonald the aggressor early front third
here comes Boyle again the veteran takes
over now three onyx ingre bolt the door
back to second then comes golden
receiver and now it's war we need e
coming off that layup charging hard
first over bringing a long modern legend
betters edge inside six sweet Lewis in
the outer flow a rock and roll dance at
eight to five is eighth right now going
to go forth over and at the back
Michaels power half is 54 and 328 and
three second panel and now it's war we
need e on the outside going against
foiled again slight edge for we need e
inside bolt the door is third outside
modern legend not quite keeping up with
his cover then on the inside is golden
receiver outside six sweet Lou
then betters edge rock-and-roll dance
has faded to the back of the pack three
quarters 121 and 126 and three on the
back it's war we need E and foil again
still toe to toe bought the door getting
the trip modern legend has now moved up
sweet Lou kicking out three wide top of
the stretch and foiled again
has fended off war we need you now kicks
clear by to modern legend coming on late
look at this performance by foiled again
this keeps on rolling foiled again by
three at the end modern legend was
second inside golden receiver third a
big photo for fourth and foiled again
just litt
up in 148 to Holley this old-timer he's
like a Duracell battery he keeps on
tickin and takes a lickin unbelievable
performance here as he parks out